pages: add "how to preact" document (#884)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/how-to/deploy-a-wmr-site.md

# Deploy a WMR site

> WMR is a tiny all-in-one development tool for modern web applications, it uses the modern esmodules and uses Preact
> out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WMR](https://github.com/preactjs/wmr) is a tiny all-in-one development tool for modern web applications.
It uses the ES Modules and [Preact](https://preactjs.com) out of the box, and pre-renders your pages to static HTML at build time.
```

> In this guide, you'll create a new Preact application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. We'll be using `create-wmr`, a tool to generate a new WMR application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you'll create a new Preact application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.
We'll be using [create-wmr](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-wmr) to quickly generate a new WMR application.
```

## Setting up a new project

Create a new project using `npx`, giving it a title.

```sh

> $ npm init wmr your-project-name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npm init wmr your-project-name
$ cd your-project-name
```

```

## Creating a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). Once you've created a new repository, you can push your local application to GitHub:

```sh
$ git init
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/yourgithubusername/githubrepo
$ git checkout -b main

> $ git add .

Reviewer: (possibly for non-windows)

```suggestion
$ git add -A
```
